//Prog03Pcode.txt
//Kamal Giri
//COSC 1030 Section 01 SP 2022
//Program 03
//Feb 03 2022


//For Task a.

1. Create main function and define some variable to store input and temporary sum.

2.Use  do while loop to prompt the user to take the input greater than 1.In while section of do while loop, the condition
	shoule be like input value is less than 1 because if the value is less than 1  the loop will continue until the user gives the
	the input value greater than 1.

3.Then, use for loop with the variable set to value 1 where the loop continues if the variable is less than equal the input value 
	taken from step 2 while we increase the variable by 1 per each loop as well as store the temporary sum by adding with the 
	variable until the variable eqauls the value entered.

4. At last, we print the temporary sum.

//For Task b.

1. We prompt the user to take two variables and set the counter to -1.

2. We aslo set assign the value of the input variables to new variable which is used at last.

3. Then, we use the if statement with condition that if 2 variables are equal then the length between them is zero.

4. Then, we use 2 while loop with which works same inside but we use all integer as input so we use one while with condition 
	first input value is greater than second and vice-versa.Inside both while loop we increase the lower value until it 
	equals the higher value and use counter to count the loop, finally giving the length of integer.

5.Finally, We print the value of counter which is the length between the two integers.

//For Task c.

1. We prompt the user to give 2 values where first is all  value of integer and second is non-negative integer which is raised to
	the power of first of first integer.

2. We also declare the temporary product and counter.

3.Then, we again use do while loop to get only non-negative number from the user by setting the second interger value less than zero 
	in while condition.

4.Then, we use do while loop again to get the power of the integer where we use condition of temporary sum equals to temporary sum 
	muyltiply the first input value and increasing the counter by 1 each loop and use counter value less than the second 
	non-negative value.

5. We finally print the temporary product as the first variable power raised to second variable.



