//Prog05Pcode.txt
//Kamal Giri
//COSC 1030 SP 2022
//Program 05
//Feb 17 2022


1.First,we include 4 header file i.e. iostream,iomanip,cfloats and climits.

2.Then, we initilize some constant to make print some lines.

3.Then, we create function prototypes for all the function we preform in the coding. At, first we make function to print some
	lines in the output. We call it Displaytop function and after making it, we create the main function and call the 
	function. After calling, we define the function outside the main function, where we create lines using setfill 
	setw with the help of constant.

4. Then, we create another function to take max input value to find the value of pi. We use do while loop as usual to
	take the non negative number and return that value.


5.Then, back to main function we use if else function to print the value of 4 fixed with precision of double in if statement 
	when the input value is 0, then we set function prototype  to calculate the pie using Madhava-Leibniz series. We call
	pieValue function inside else statement as well as create the displayResult function prototype and call inside the 
	same else statement. 

6. After calling the function to calculate the pie, we define the function where we use for loop to calculate the value of pie.
	To calculate the value of pie according the given formula by Madhava-Leibniz method, we set the numenator to -1 and
	power of numenator to 1 and the initilize the bottom value to 1.Then in for loop we defint int i to 1, and i less than
	or equal to input value and increasment of i by 1 in each loop.Then we set power equals power * base which equals
	(-1)^k and the bottom equals (2*i +1), which equals (2k+1) in real equaltion . Then we divide the power with bottom and 
	get the value of pie = pie + power divided by bottom. Then, return the value of pie having double fixed of precision 
	double.

7. Then, we define the displayResult where we print the value of pie.

